The Joe Rogan experience, max Holloway. Oh.
I don't know how I feel about this hair.
That full haircut. I'm not sure.
COVID give me and look. Maybe there's no Bob is in Hawaii.
He said he did all.
Of his training on zoom and, uh, Vulcan housekeepers. Call him.
I call too. I don't believe it, but they, you know,
they had real strict lockdown.
It does look different all the way.
It looks like a Patrick Dempsey from those old timey movies.
Trimmers, eyebrows. That's a Jeep reference, but that's a deep bruh,
but he does look like Dr.
Dreamy. I know him as.
The pizza guy from that one. Right?
Right. We all those ladies can't buy me. Love. Yes.
That was on HBO all the time. And that was the plot of all.
The best. Porn's a guy comes over to pizza. the lady when the husband's at work.
Yep. There he.
Is. Hey, new max Holloway, quarantine Holloway.
I met him once.
At the comedy store. He's very nice. Yeah.
He actually told me not to let a heckler get to me. Oh,
don't let them get to you. Like, so.
[Inaudible] captain date, rape captain Tam. Right?
Warm up guy for news radio that you hated this bots.
And he would try to run jokes.
Patrick Dempsey,
literally don't even know what you're talking about.
Patrick Dempsey was, he was a child star and then he became an adult star.
Are you still around? Did you end up getting in a succession yet on HBO? Yeah.
Macaulay Culkin. His younger brother kills it.
Unbelievable show Joey. The, the show is a drama,
but it's done by these comedy guys that only know comedy.
So it's a super serious show. And then when the comedy hits you,
it hits you.
Like it hits you like Goodfellas or Tarantino or the
Sopranos when it gets you out of nowhere.
Cause they sneak it on you during serious happening. Oh, it's so funny.
The type of stuff that would make us my.
Legs and Vulcan now ski, they're not showing the same show, but look at it.
Look at his legs. Tree trunks. Yeah.
This guy is scary.
You know, he used to weigh 214 pounds. His accents all up.
I thought he said 240, but it's got till five. Hey dad. Hey,
he's got that thick Australian accent.
Interesting that this one straight to rematch.
Huh? If he wins, I'm putting it all that crocodile Dundee hat on.
I'm going to keep it on standby.
Oh. Yeah. Yeah. If he wins, this is coming on.
No disrespect to max. I love max, but if he wins,
I got to wear that.
Yep. You could put on if max wins or something or pineapple. Max wins.
I'm taking my shirt off.
Max winds up. Pretend I'm on vacation.
What is any problem though? Eddie's cornering.
Oh shoot. We should have told people. Yeah, Eddie's cornering. Uh,
one of his fighters. I believe it's a grappling event. I'm not sure.
I forgot it is no fans. Yeah. It's a grappling event, right?
No fans. Is it a submission underground shale Sundance event?
Cause a lot of times he does those in the daytime.
When they have a UFC on at night.
I'm not sure I'll find out.
I knew that he was cornering a fighter.
Uh, submission on the shore. I don't know where that is.
Submission on the shore. Huh? San Pedro.
So it's a, a jujitsu event. There's a lot of those now, man. They actually pay.
There's a, a lot of these submission events where you know,
guys can win a couple of grand for winning and they could do them a lot because
unlike a striking, you really can't have fights every weekend,
but you could grapple pretty much every weekend.
You can make a couple grand here, a couple grand there. And some guys like,
um, like Ryan Gordon,
they actually make real money doing that.
And he's probably made a million dollars grappling Gordon, Ryan, excuse me.
I said, Ryan Gordon, I switched his name around the, I blamed the weed.
But Gordon Ryan, um,
has been winning big grappling events for
three or four years. And he just bought a house,
bought like a million dollar house with grappling money, which is crazy.
Here we go, baby. It good sponsors too. Yeah.
To get good money from sponsors, man.
Yeah. Well Eddie does, you know, those, uh, EBI guys are doing really well.
They, they have such a big fan base now, you know, they're always,
they're always exciting. His rule systems,
the best rule system in the world because it's,
it cuts out all the bad about stalling and all
stalemates. Rather, not even stalling stalemates, you know,
guys cancel each other out.
It forced them into a position where the guys on your back ready, set, go.
Or guys got you in, um, you know, um, uh, uh, armbar position.
Ready? Set, go. When the guy got, has you in that spiderweb position.
He's not doing it. This he's not doing what he could do it.
It just has to be because of COVID.
Yeah. Yeah. It's hard, man.
It's tournaments that working. Yeah. You can have them working,
but you know, don't have the audience,
you don't get the money from the audience. I mean, think about it.
He was selling out the Orpheum, right? What is the RPM?
That's 2000 people at least. Right. Pay-per-view you think? So.
Probably now that. Yeah. Especially [inaudible].
I'm really surprised that listen, man, like I said,
there's no doorway, meaning you could put 200 people in.
You want, eventually they're going to shut you down.
Especially west.
Hollywood's going to be the last thing to open because of routes that
[inaudible], that had COVID and
spread it into the community. That parade destroyed Hollywood it's well-known
west Hollywood is the last place to open. Yeah.
Interesting. Well that's where the store is.
Yeah. So that's it.
I like what the store is doing the outside patio area either. Yeah.
Congratulations. It's cool. You gave it a shot on the money. Listen.
As long as you're outside, I'm in the car.
We had the weekend in long island outside in the parking lot,
really Remy's door with it in that parking lot. 80.
People is better than nothing it's barely want to do.
What do you want to do with, is there this weekend? I really go.
Really bad long island last night. So I didn't talk to him.
I was under a 10th.
So this is what to think about is that a vulcanized ski in the first round did a
lot of chopping at the legs and it took max a while before he adjusted.
And he started, uh, adjusting by switching southpaw,
but he got his leg chewed up early in the fight.
And it's going to be interesting to see what adjustments max has made and
what, what Vulcan ops he's going to do differently. Vulcan ops.
He's just such a tank.
I watched a great breakdown by dominant Cruz who explained that Vulcan off ski
also made a big he's circling to the right side now,
but he sets them up that way and then takes a big side step to the left.
And when then when Holloway tries to adjust,
that's when Vulcan Opsys strikes is after he steps to the left.
It's interesting to see him do the opposite now. Well.
He's been quarantined too. Um,
in that he w he hasn't been able to go to city kickboxing in New Zealand,
cause he trains at city kickboxing in, uh, Australia, but he,
a lot of times would go to New Zealand for his camps.
And he hasn't been able to do that for this fight too.
And I don't know how much, if any of an effect that's gonna have.
So max has been being a little more slick so far in this first
round, keeping his distance and avoid those kicks. Pretty much.
You got hit with one, I believe but much different than in the first fight.
Real aware of it. Cause it seemed like that took a lot of, uh,
the movement away from him. But it was interesting.
He came in here after the fight, after he lost,
could not have been like more relaxed and happy and having a good time just
accepted. It didn't have any problems with it. Wasn't limping at all.
How soon after? About a couple of days. Wow. Yeah, he fought Saturday.
He was here on Monday. That's crazy. He looked great.
And he was like, I'm telling you, man, he's in great spirits.
He's a really good guy. Like in his head is really on straight.
He has a great saying. He goes, Hey, it is what it is. And you know,
he really means that.
And he's honest about like his style, like the benefits,
the pros and cons of style. Like he was talking about Aldo and he's like,
it's those guys with power man. He goes, that's why he gets so tired.
He's got so much power. He's. He's like, you know,
I don't have that kind of power, but you know, because of that,
he can go longer and harder.
Those guys with power, they try to use it all the time. And the guy like him,
he can knock people out and he does knock a lot of people out,
but he knocks people out with volume and precision.
He just puts a pace on you and wears you out and beats you down.
Whereas although can stop guys with one shot. That's the difference.
He doesn't really stop too many guys at one shot,
walking off, see connected there.
I'm just interested to see what changes he can make
right now. It looks like he's getting kicked a lot less in the legs.
So he's moving away more as vulcanized. He tries to engage.
Just turn that front, kick up the middle,
keeping them,
keeping them backing up to keeping the pressure on him and keeping him up
against the cage. Oh, you got to hit with that one.
Oh, I love.
That hallways. Like I staggered you, but he knows.
That. Yeah. He really knows it. Now he knows that I do it. Yeah.
Interesting. Very interesting. God.
This is a good card. Huh? And then we still got to a spot. Oh.
Yeah.
That's always the best when a UFC cards so good that you sort of even forget.
I did almost forget.
I almost forgot the best one while I was so looking forward to this fight.
A whole good right-hand over the top. God.
There's MSG ones are like that a lot where you're like, oh man.
There's two more fights left. And I already.
Yup. My mind's blown.
Max. His inside leg is already, uh, getting real red. See it? Oh yeah. So red.
It is. He's been hit with a bunch of shots inside.
That part is so tender too. It's so hard to get hit there. Sucks.
I'm sticking by that Patrick Dempsey thing. I know it's a weird reference,
but I keep looking at him. I just keep seeing it over. Yeah.
Oh,
oh max Holloway. Oh.
I missed it. Dropped.
Him with a head kick. He staggered him man.
Woo. Look at the stats.
31 significant strikes to 20. But that head kick was big.
He heard him with a right hand earlier in the fight.
Look at his is his left. His right cheek is swollen.
Let's see this boom.
Oh.
Staggered. But look roaring back though. Came back with a big shot.
Boom. He clipped him. You know, what's funny.
About that guys.
That when fighters have a good time in the ring,
there's so much more loose. They do so much better.
We learned that from Ferguson for a long time, not the last fight,
but if you're on state, Tony's always loose.
If you're on stage and you're loose, that's it. You won the war right now.
Really weird. The state of mind, it doesn't happen a lot for me.
It just happens those nights in the original room. When you just don't give a,
you know, you don't get like, I don't give a.
The ones where you feel good, where you feel really good. And you're like,
I'm going to kill it.
You're already sort of screwed going in with that mentality. Yeah.
No, I view a loose you, I, you know what?
I'm not even going to look at my notebook.
I'm just going down to the right there.
I'll look at it tonight and just have a good time when you're loose. Like that.
It's good. And these guys, like when he was goofing on him, after he hit him,
that's good. He doesn't take himself seriously.
No. Well, he always toys with people who with their head.
I mean a lot of what max does. Like he's having fun in there for sure.
But he's also letting you know, I got you. I got you.
He does that all the time. So he drew first blood for sure. I mean,
uh,
vulcanized ski definitely got off set lazy chewing up that inside leg 200 row
then he's, he's definitely getting off some good inside.
Loki's hurting that leg. That leg some trouble. That legs in trouble.
Oh, nasty combination.
Nasty combination by Holloway. God. That was nice.
That was nice. He's piecing them up. But again, Vulcan,
ask you go into that inside kick over and over and over and max trying to return
the same kick, which means it probably sucks.
He hit him again and every combination he's hitting him with that inside low
kick that pays dividends, man.
Max got a block that
wow, look at roses. Oh. It's a plum. Ooh.
Still pretty though. Look at that.
She is, I was one of the things that bother,
especially bothered me with her knocking out yo on it too was like Jesus.
And she's a beautiful girl. She's got that too.
It's like that bothered you. That's what's I mean, it's just funny.
Cause I always pictured the girl beating yo on being like a monster freaky
monster. Yeah. Just a full beard, but that never happened.
Hmm.
Jamie, you bet this. Okay. Did you bet this one, Jamie? Nope. Nope.
You didn't bet any of the fights? Nope. That's unusual.
Nothing seemed like a good bet.
I didn't have anything I wanted to do. Your, your sound is weird.
It's coming in one year. Now I had to switch to my channel second.
So what do you think happens now on Drudge Zelie?
Uh, who knows, you know, w what's important is rose won. So for rose,
she moves on and gets closer to a shot at the title.
Oh, nice. Needed a body by max. Woo.
I mean the Whaleys young you'll want to fight was so
good. You really could make a,
you could make an argument that they have to have a rematch was so good.
It was about as good as a fight has ever been. I agree.
You could make an argument that that's actually better than rose fighting and
Rose's face is so up.
Like it might take her a while before she's able to fight again.
He went inside and outside with that leg, but max isn't limping or anything.
It can't be good, but so far he's moving. Pretty good.
I, we try to go up top.
Oh good. Right-hand by max.
They're both really good guys too. This is one of those fights where,
you know,
it would be hard to root for somebody unless you're good friends with them.
Yeah.
Max has a very funny relationship with DC too. He's always calling DC out,
telling him he wants to fight him and just play it. I mean,
they're just friends. He went over the top of that head kick again.
This time just grazed his head.
He sees a anomaly to me. How that guy's so good.
So smart in the octagon and a commentator and
oh.
You heard him? He heard him. Oh,
he heard him
really smart in that too. He's very smart. He's really smart. Always.
Thinking, always thinking he's telling somebody to shush.
Who's he telling his shush? That's interesting.
I'm gonna have to go back and watch this at home.
I want to know what's going on.
I dunno what he's doing there. That I wonder what he was, uh, who is shushing.
So he's pointing to someone on the corner,
maybe someone in a Vulcan Huskies corner.
So that's two rounds for Holloway, for sure.
The railway dropped him with the head kick the round where he dropped him in the
uppercut. Those are his and in the last fight of his.
Bang. Wow. Bang. Oh boy.
Beautiful. And then the one that drops him knee to the body to look at that.
Wow, here it is. Bang.
That's the third time he's made his knees buckle up. And then again,
it's whenever cut on the way.
Up. And he gains heat as he goes on. Right?
And the last bite. Yeah. Racks. Yeah. His.
Endurance is phenomenal. Phenomenal. It's one of his best tracks,
his intelligence, his endurance volume.
That's what's wild to me about this main event is MOSFET out. Uh,
[inaudible] endurance to be able to go five with Covington,
who I thought had the best gas tank out of everyone. Well.
There was no wrestling.
That's one of the reasons why they were able to go five like that.
You know, um, Colby is a nightmare for a lot of people.
The fact that loose Mon didn't just beat him, but stopped him. It says a lot,
but you know, oops, Mon is a, he's a dangerous person.
He's very strong. And you know, he has really up needs to like really up.
Like he talked about his knees being so bad that after some training,
he had to walk on the grass cause he couldn't walk on the concrete because it
hurt too much. Imagine that.
And then imagine he's fighting G max has hit him with a flying knee,
but he's, he's kind of just, uh,
resigned himself to the idea that when he retires,
he's going to have to get his knees replaced. So he's just fighting, just,
you know, dealing with it. You see them training.
He's always got knee braces on or knee sleeves on. He talks about it too.
Pretty openly. He had that, uh, they do this thing where they, they,
they de microfracture your knee, like to try to get your car,
which to grow back. And it actually did. It was wound up being worse for them.
It it up even more. And he's,
I've heard that from more than one person that's had that operation done.
I think it's probably fine for somebody who does like regular.
But if you want to go back to some hardcore wrestling and MMA training,
it's probably a terrible idea.
John Wayne Park has had some crazy surgery. Huh? What is that?
Had his hip replaced. Oh yeah.
He got a new socket.
It's really crazy. Sent me the pictures. Did you see the picture of his leg?
Yeah. Giants.
Car. Uh, the undertaker go through that on his documentary. He just retired.
Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. John, I think they're calling it resurfacing.
So it's not as much of a thing as the, uh,
the old way they used to do it or in some cases how they do it and he,
he will be able to fight again apparently, which is just nuts.
And he's also walking around now pretty much without a limp,
13 days after the operation,
it's really crazy the way they do it now.
And this is not even just for young guys,
my friend Graham Hancock got his hip replaced and six weeks later he came on the
podcast and it was walking normal. And I was like, what?
Six weeks ago you got your hip replaced. I mean,
it's a different game. Yeah. That's why.
My mom's knees. Cause he can't knee.
Replacements a different animal. Like what about the stuff you do for the knees,
but like stem cells. Yeah. You can do that for sure.
He could do that for sure for now. Yeah. I don't think he has.
I definitely talked to him about it and I don't, I don't believe he has,
but a lot of guys have, um, TJ Dillashaw.
I went down there a couple of times for shoulders and he talked pretty openly
about it. A bunch of guys gone down to Columbia as well.
Henry Cejudo on the show was talking about how he went down to Columbia to get
stem cells down there. Um, and uh, they fixed his shoulder.
He some real shoulder problems, dude,
when they could do in these other countries that they don't have the same
regulations they have here in the United States, the United States.
They can only do a certain amount with stem cells.
And even that has been amazingly beneficial to me.
But if you go to Panama or you know.
Cuba has a lung cancer vaccine what's yup.
A vaccine. Yup. How.
About lung cancer? Not a virus. How could they have a vaccine?
They made some weird thing. It's only available in Cuba.
It's a lung cancer vaccine. What about Ricky?
Ricardo smoking five cigars. They figured it out.
They figured it out. And.
Lung cancer doesn't with people. Either that.
Just spreads said in Cuba. She, my aunt tells me all the time. They just fix it.
There's no pills afterwards. They just fix you.
Okay. Here it is. C I M a VAX.
EGF is a lung cancer treatments developed in Cuba.
It's a type of immunotherapy that harnesses the body's immune system to fight
lung cancer. Yup. Wow. In 2017, oh. Around it.
Lung cancer vaccine. It's a vaccine.
And by the way, people get it. And then they smoke and party afterwards, like
rice smokes, smoked cigars cigarettes in the time of their lives.
Imagine getting a vaccine for everything.
My buddy had wispy.
Kasowitz. I believe the medical term is cancer.
In the beginning, my friend called me. He goes, how's our buddy doing?
Did he get rid of the cans? I go, all I know is he's Coke. Again.
Coke. Again. I called him up one night. He's like, what do you want?
What do you mean? What do I.
Want? That should be how if you get that, that should be to soften the blow.
That's how the doctor should break the news to you.
I got bad news for you got an asphalt cancer. He got five treatments. That's it.
They caught.
Him the stage one early. He was blood. Wow. He pitched blood two times.
He said he went, they caught it. Five treatments. Five Fridays in a row.
Yeah. Radiation.
Let me ask you this. Why is Cuba so good at medical?
It's tough. I don't know because Fidel was a Savage.
We had this discussion when you were talking to me about your boy with his eye
socket healed after the fight. Oh yo. Well, yeah. You know,
they were doing in Cuba.
They were shooting pregnant women with gorilla biscuits.
You know, they were just doing weird. Yeah.
Yes it is. Here we go.
Is the fourth. Yes. Round four
championship rounds. 10 minutes left in this puppy.
Nice back kick to the body. He's done that a couple of times.
Vulcan Hofsky is yet to really hurt. Oh. Tagged him with that.
Jab popped him with that jab. That was a beautiful jab. Nice inside.
Low kick again. Two in a row. Bang, bang.
So quickly. Like it's nothing.
And then on the outside too, man, he's,
he's getting back to what was very successful for him in the first fight.
But you got to think Holloway won at least two rounds.
I don't know about the third, but I would imagine he won those first two rounds.
Dropped him twice.
So let's say Vulcan ASCII one. The third. Who knows?
Who knows what's going on here? Oh,
this leg buckled from that low kick again. He chopped the same area, man.
It's bright red. It's up man.
Crazy
great herb Dean.
But Joey, but Jesus Christ. What? Nothing.
I'm too much.
Into this. I don't want to talk.
This is brown. I can not believe how red Holloway's leg is.
It's it is catch up. No, no. Well he's kicked the.
Oh, Nina punch.
Tagged with the right hand too. And another right hand. And he smiled at him.
That's wild. Two island guys, New Zealand and Hawaii.
New Zealand. It is an island I guess,
but he's not from New Zealand is from Australia. Oh,
he just lives in New Zealand. No, no.
He does some of his training in New Zealand. Oh kickboxing.
Which is the big gym where? Oh. He staggered him there. Oh,
shoot back. Kick to the body. That's where, uh, out of Sonya,
that's where he trains his city. Kickboxing in New Zealand. Uh,
Dan is also city kickboxing guy
and Vulcan Navasky does city kickboxing. But the one that's in Australia,
a lot of like real high level. Kickboxers in Australia, man.
It's kind of amazing.
Why do you think that that is because of soccer and rugby and stuff.
They're just.
Tough off people, man. They're men, they're manly men.
You give them something like jujitsu or kickboxing. They Excel at that.
They're hard people over there, you know, it's a different breed.
That's why a crocodile Dundee worked as a movie. You know?
It's not like you're talking about guys from, I mean,
I don't want to disparage any country,
but pick a country where men are thought to be more
feminine, you know? Yeah. It's Australia. It's like,
nah, it's not a life. That's a knife. Like that makes sense.
It's coming from Australia. They're a bunch of savages over there.
You love it over there, right? Oh yeah. A fun place to do stand-up.
To at least once a year ago,
even the things that seem like they wouldn't be savages or Sabbath savages.
You ever hold a koala bear. I have not. Those things are,
there's a reason why they call them bears.
I promise you that because those things are bears. Do they look all cute?
But the second you stop feeding it eucalyptus as soon as it's like where the
my like they get mad within seconds.
You get mad at you at anything. Is it that the only one thing,
how weird is that? So weird. The one goofy plant. They never stop eating it.
At least when they're around people. I figured it out real quick.
If it's basically like they're uh.
Uh, scope, drug and food.
Is there drugs? It.
Just feels like it's like a drug to them because they're just addicted.
They start to get mad. Normally, if you don't,
if you stop feeding something for three seconds, it doesn't get that mad.
Cause it's been eating. I.
Would just tag them with that right hand. Oh, head kick.
You know, when I look at that picture over there at Richard Pryor,
I keep thinking about how I'm not in calmly shape and it makes me sad.
That's what I was thinking about it.
Now that he can read me like a book. Yeah. I'm.
Sad as because I hope box not opens first,
which is probably going to be this thing.
I got a couple of weeks up in Oxnard on Wednesday nights. Just to warm me up.
When do you think that's happening?
I'm all the way booked till December Joey.
I have recently resigned myself to the idea that everything is canceled for a
solid year. That's my, my recent resignation on hope, man.
I'd be very happy if they came up with some sort of a really effective treatment
and then they open everything up again. But here we are in July and um,
I've, you know, some big gigs booked in August and October and.
I'm not confident. I'm not.
About even thinking about those types of gates.
It breaks my heart telling me my anniversary Thursday and I can't be on
stage. Yeah. You know, 9 29 knees. Wow.
It didn't bother me for the first 90 days guys. It didn't really bother me.
It started bothering me a little bit like mid June. It started getting your.
Last show was in mid-March which your last show was in Midland. That show is.
March 2nd. I read, I went to the store March 2nd. I could smell it in the, yet.
I was chasing that thing all the way down to the last second I was doing shows
it got so bad at the end. The last show I did was at the haha.
Cause they were the last place open. I closed at 45 minutes though.
They're like you can do as long as you want, after a whole night of a show,
that was only like eight people there.
But I knew cause we found out right before that they had to close that night.
They're going off here. It was fifth and round. They're going for broke.
I think they think this is anybody's fight. Max hallways pushing it.
Oh, oh.
Max hallway. Let him let him up there. Oh, I kicked to look at that.
God max hallways busted him up.
He's definitely been way more effective in this fight than the first fight.
Yeah.
Woo. Big jab. I Vulcan AUSkey he's so powerful, man. Let me just,
just as jabs, like a right hand.
He's got crazy endurance too for such a power striker.
Man. They are beating each other up. No.
Big uppercut and a good right-hand behind it by Vulcan housekeeper,
looking for the take down. Whew,
good left hook by Vulcan.
I wish you guys could come with me to one of these with no audience.
That'd be fun. It's awesome. They won't let you in though. I tried.
One of my security guys was in Vegas during one of the fights and I,
I got him tested and everything. I'm like, he's good. Let him in. No,
I can't do it. They won't do it. Vegas is particularly strict.
They wouldn't even let me go into the octagon to interview them.
Even though everyone's been tested, they wouldn't let me interview the fighters.
Had they interview them remotely like they had,
I had to be there and they had to be, there was another room. I could see them.
They were like 50 yards away. It was real weird. Say.
You're so connected to them.
Usually that that type of distance and energy break has to just.
It's not as good. It's not as good for questions. You know,
you want to look at them and you want to be, you want to make them comfortable.
You know this moment that you want them to know that you appreciate it.
You know that the fight was awesome.
Ooh, nice. Low kick right there by Vulcan Husky. Oh, left hook firewall.
Can I ask you? Max has kind of busted up.
Oh right hand by max. That belt.
So accurate. Yeah.
Wild fight. Volkan AUSkey looking for the take down and Ken.
Oh, he gets it. Look at that crazy.
Quick. Look at that. He really is great. Oh, max is amazing.
That's a champion right there.
It's also a weird fight. Cause I haven't seen it. Holloway's son.
And you realize like, oh yeah, he's probably not there. Oh he's there.
Oh you think so?
Yeah. I think so. I think he said mini bless was going to be in his corner. Oh,
that's cool. But I think he was just joking around about that. Like you said,
he didn't really train with anybody trained on zoom.
I can't believe that for a second. This is anybody's round man.
This round could be the fight right now. Vulcan.
Oskies looking for take down numeral dose.
Oh nice. Left. Last minute.
Ooh. Who wins? This one who.
Wins this one? This is a anybody's fight.
I think max has probably done more damage in those two big rounds where he
dropped him, but Huskies getting his end as well.
And the Vulcan LC steals this round. Who knows, man.
It's sort of like the opposite than the last fight.
Cause Holloway won the first two and Vulcan Opscode has been picking it up
ever since
12 seconds ago.
Wow. Oh my God. That's big. That take downs big. Yep. One second ago.
Wow. Who knows? That could have been, that could have been his round for that.
You got to take downs in that round. I mean that could have been.
That could be the fight. I might have to be wearing a crocodile Dundee hat.
Very interesting. 1 61 max Holloway,
total strikes 1 52 significant strikes.
So he bested him and total insignificance drugs.
1 48 to 1 44 for a Vulcan ASCII. You're right, Joey,
I got stretch when I'm on my.
You.
Know, telling you that left foot.
Excuse me. Yeah. It's killing me. Joe Rogan killing.
Me. Yeah, no I understand. I can see it. I can see it is.
I'm not looking to make any dope. I'll tell you what.
Open up a club called the last supper. Comedy club have a seat.
12 people can't hear you.
12 People. The last supper comedy club.
I get the Chinese guy from the bartender to check the temperatures at the door.
I rent. There's a place across from subconscious jujitsu.
Brett's place is Felice. Put 12 seats in that.
So what is the other option I have is my uncle has a liquor license from
1969. If you want to liquor license in LA,
that's the one you want. You can light rum bottle rockets and you. You could.
Have live bands. You could have a gay bar.
He's 82.
When he's been torturing me lately. Why?
Cause he goes out every Friday and Saturday that was bar and it's been
closed.
And the girl that was his mistress when he was married, he had a mistress.
And then he got the mistresses. His cousin knocked up. Oh, he's a beauty.
He's a beauty. I love my uncle. So now he got the mistress,
broke her hips and she's living with him. There's one thing about my uncle.
He don't like people around them. I don't know.
Like he got used to being single. Yeah. Hold on. Let's see what happens here.
40, 47 hallway.
Wow.
Wow. Crocodile Dundee, dude. Wow.
Yeah.
Yeah dude. Well deal the deal.